hey guys what's going on Matt from
mythic gaming and I've got another
awesome minecraft seed for you as you
can see I am standing in a little
village here and I as always I will
bring up the map to let you guys get a
look at it and kind of see what we're
working with before I kind of point
things up so here is your map it's
another one of those very green maps
it's got a nice placement honestly of
the desert just kind of in the bottom
there and you know that little point
shape I do like that it's very very
green in a fight remember correctly down
in the bottom right there if you noticed
I think that is a mushroom biome so if
it is then this map does have all biomes
I don't quite remember so I don't want
to guarantee you that it is but I'm
almost positive that down there is a
mushroom biome so you do have everything
but I'm sure you want to see that the
best part is like all my videos I always
have something really great on every map
to show you and I'm sure you just
wanting to see what that is so we will
start right here there's three villages
on the map this being the first one it's
really small it's at these coordinates
obviously I've had them up for a while
so you'll be able to get them but as you
see it's pretty small I mean it's two
three houses and although well nothing
special but just kind of like think of
it as an outpost and won't be quite so
disappointed and not having the giant
buildings but what's the best part of
this map is gonna be right past this way
and no it's not the burning chicken her
mountain I don't know what
happened there but and no it's not this
surface ravine although great I mean it
is right here because you get some iron
and all that fun stuff in there you had
a whole it's a double ravine actually I
completely forgot about that we've got
all this great stuff to explore you got
a tree in the middle for whatever
awesome reason that tree decided to grow
down there all kinds of great stuff here
so you've got these to the little
village there the double surface ravine
here another pit of lava obviously as
you can see we've got a village right
here and that is not it if we continue
down in this direction this is gonna be
basically at your spawn if I remember
when I spawned on this map I was right
about I want to say pretty much looking
at this village it might have been right
around here somewhere
I mean don't quote me on it but it's
pretty much in this area so if you want
to call this
baan this would be the easiest way to
show you the seat so here we are at the
spa and I chord it's a right around here
you can kind of see where it is on the
map obviously you don't need spawn
coordinates but you go right in front of
you you've got another one of these
small villages where you know it's a
well a farm house another farm nothing
huge just a nice little way to gather
some stuff it's beginning and then you
go a little bit farther across the
desert just like so and I will drop
these coordinates just so you can make
sure you go in the right direction you
will find another village is more
sizeable one so probably a better place
to set up your base so you come over
here you get this big village you kind
of get yourself going in and all set and
happy and all that fun stuff and
unfortunately there is no blacksmith but
it's alright I mean you're not always
gonna get one it does happen what the
seed has right between these villages at
spawn is probably gonna make up for that
so you can see I've made my mark here
and obviously I'm sure you can tell this
is the stronghold so I'll drop right in
there and not make you wait any longer
so you're getting here and yep it's the
stronghold as always but it's not just
the stronghold it's also a mine show
which always leads to a ton of crazy
adventure when you have a stronghold in
mineshaft all built together you see it
keeps going that way and it's gonna give
you a lot to do so that's always a
positive thing and then you got it goes
this way you know goes over here you
know how my chefs work I have no real
reason to explain it to you but yeah so
if you dig down right here it's gonna be
one of the points that it meets it so
here's your coordinates in case you want
to do that and as you can see when I
come straight down this hole here that
you can dig all the way down in a
straight line and you'll just kind of
follow these two blocks when you get
down here so not really a huge issue for
you so that that's a kind of nice thing
it's not like do tend to forget to
mention when I am giving these
coordinates that the show that it is
safe to drop in there and you won't just
get murdered but the round off the spawn
we have to go over here and it seems
like a far distance away but believe it
or not this is still the stronghold over
here so as you can see it's a pretty
large stronghold to stretch all the way
down this way but if you go right here
right to these coordinates
right here and you'll get some more
great stuff to do so we go there we drop
down here you can see again there's
really nowhere that you're gonna fall
until you fall into this awesome little
skeleton dungeon it does have a chest so
you get some loot as you can see it is
still connected to the stronghold so it
is built in so this tropical that is a
mine and a dungeon built into it but
when you get out this door you know he
looks around looks pretty normal pretty
normally come over here you realize it's
also built into the side of our V and
not only that but it's got a little pack
of diamonds right here just like I do is
bridge across and you've already got
yourself some diamonds right off the bat
you got some iron you some redstone
there is a lot you can grab really quick
like a little lapis there this awesome
water lava fall who know why the hell is
gonna call it a waterfall but still you
got that there you've got a ton going on
and then if you look this way this
ravine is not like an ordinary ravine so
if you keep going down this way you know
get your more ores and all that fun
stuff you have even more diamonds down
here so it's two pockets of exposed
diamonds just in the same ravine and
it's all lit up so you know as long as
you're careful you know you could
probably avoid most of the monsters or
get them to fall in the lava so make
sure you're careful you have all those
diamonds in this ravine is kind of
unique because I don't know if you can
tell by my screen let me try and throw
some lights on here but it's not shaped
like a typical ravine let me get some
light up here and you'll see exactly
what I'm talking about this is a very
interesting looking ravine once it's
it's lit up here so it's get some lights
there get some lights here it's matter
can't just light up the edges so you can
see what I'm talking about I know I can
see it on my screen because for whatever
reason sometimes minecraft is brighter
than it should be but I'm not quite sure
if you guys can see a soul to make sure
it's visible for you I'm gonna throw up
some torches here get this here get this
here here I don't know if you've noticed
as I've been doing this but the top of
this ravine is not a normal shape or
video which is the whole point of me
trying to collect this up for you is it
does stand out to me because I've seen a
ton of ravines I don't see a lot that
are shaped like this
so I wanted to make sure the highlight
that for you just because uh cuz it's
awesome I guess I mean I don't know what
kind of purpose it really serves but
it's pretty awesome so let's see what
kind of job I've done go back here where
it looks like a normal ravine as you can
see this is pretty typical ravine just
kind of curves around all that
interesting stuff but if you come this
way you notice that this thing is kind
of explodes into a crater you see it not
just like even walls like it is back
here but you look up it just it explodes
into this crazy crater shape and when
you get in the back here you just it's
pretty interesting I mean you got all
these crazy caves to get into and all
this other stuff and it's just it's
really stood out to me especially the
first time I saw it I was like well I
don't see that off I mean I don't see
that every day you know I don't see that
once a week either when the ravine just
have this weird little shape tool so
yeah it doesn't really influence the
seed or anything it just I thought it
was pretty interesting so I figured you
guys might like it so I wanted to kind
of point it out to you so just to give
you I don't know add a little bit of
personality to the seed but with all
that said uh that basically does it for
this seed I mean I I like the seed I
hope you guys really do too I hope you
get a lot of fun out of it if you choose
the the plate and explore it so I will
catch you guys in the next video and uh
until then you know I hope you enjoy
everything I make and be sure to let me
know in the comments if there is
something else you'd like me to do
alright guys
you